README.md, before:

# Wunderjinx
## Aim
Wunderjinx aims to create an interactive client for Wunderlist in the terminal (because jinxes are like curses... it's backed by curses...)

NOTE: This is not even close to complete right now

## Design Goals
* Curses interface
* Vim-like keybindings
* Full offline functionality

## Setup
1. Install RabbitMQ with Homebrew
2. Configure RabbitMQ to start on launch (e.g. use launchctl to load the .plist file in ~/Library/LaunchAgents)
3. Copy config.yaml.template to create config.yaml **in the same directory as config.yaml.template** (config.py looks for a config.yaml in the same directory as itself... this should be changed one day to be better)
4. Fill in the new config.yaml with your Wunderlist client ID and access token
5. Copy queue_consumer.plist.template to create queue_consumer.plist
6. Fill in the new queue_consumer.plist with the appropriate paths
7. Configure that, too, to start on launch by symlinking to ~/Library/LaunchAgents and running `launchctl load <plist file>`
8. Create a PyEnv virtualenv for Wunderjinx and install its dependencies:

    pip install wunderpy2 parsedatetime pyyaml pika flask requests

8. Modify the Alfred workflow script to point to the appropriate Python and point to the appropriate alfred_workflow.py file:

    /path/to/your/python /path/to/your/alfred_workflow.py "{query}" 2>&1

Commit message:

Cleaned up README and some code

README.md, after:

# Wunderjinx
## Aim
Wunderjinx aims to create an interactive client for Wunderlist in the terminal (because jinxes are like curses... it's backed by curses...)

NOTE: This is not even close to complete right now

## Design Goals
* Curses interface
* Vim-like keybindings
* Full offline functionality

## Setup (with pyenv-virtualenv)
1. Install pyenv: `brew install pyenv`
1. Install pyenv-virtualenv: `brew install pyenv-virtualenv`
1. Install the latest Python 2 version: `pyenv install $LATEST_PYTHON_2`
1. Create a new virtualenv for running wunderjinx: `pyenv virtualenv $LATEST_PYTHON_2 wunderjinx`
1. Activate the virtualenv: `pyenv activate wunderjinx`
1. Install Wunderjinx's dependencies: `pip install wunderpy2 parsedatetime pika`
1. Install RabbitMQ with Homebrew: `brew install rabbitmq`
1. Configure RabbitMQ to start on launch using the directions from Homebrew (use launchctl to load the .plist file in ~/Library/LaunchAgents)
1. Create a config directory somewhere on your filesystem to house Wunderjinx config
1. Copy `wunderjinx_config.py.template` to your config directory, renaming it to `wunderjinx_config.py`
1. Fill in all missing fields in your new `wunderjinx_config.py`
1. Copy `queue_consumer.plist.template` to your config directory, renaming it to `queue_consumer.plist`
1. Fill in all fields with "CHANGEME" in your new `queue_consumer.plist`
1. Configure the queue_consumer to start on launch by symlinking the `queue_consumer.plist` file into `~/Library/LaunchAgents` and running `launchctl load <plist file>`
1. Make the Bash code called in your Alfred workflow look like so, filling in the appropriate values:

    PYENV_VERSION=wunderjinx PYTHONPATH=/your/config/directory:${PYTHONPATH} ~/.pyenv/shims/python /your/path/to/alfred_workflow.py "{query}" 2>&1
